General:

Rewrote the abstract.
Moved the thesis overview from the end of chapter 1 into the new Foreword ("Chaper 0").
Added references where necessary throughout.
Added evidence of the system working on mobile devices, and noted this in the text. (Now in Appendix B)
Added introductory summary to each chapter to better put them into the context of the other chapters.
Reworded to sound more positive and less self-deprecating.
Moved references and glossary to come before appendices.
Sideways graphs/tables now have their captions rotated appropriately.
All spaces before references have been removed. (I think there are some instances where the reference has been pushed to the following line. If this is still a problem, I can try to reword the affected sections.)
Figure placement: I intend to print the hardbound version with smaller line spacing (probably 1.5) rather than the double spacing used in the review copies. I also intend to print it double-sided. For this reason, I've not been too concerned about where exactly the figures appear. For example, there are some figures that I want to be at the top of facing pages, eg Figures 6 and 7 (the excepts from Alice in Wonderland) and some of the graphs and data tables in later chapters. This applies wherever there are figures that need to be very close to their accompanying text and/or other figures.

Chapter 1:
Added an excerpt of a kern table
Added section on scope and limits

Chapter 2:
Reduced the x axis range on the sawtooth graphs, as I think it makes them look clearer.
Also, added some more detail to the caption of the overlayed sawtooth graph figure.
Reordered and extended the discussion on how the ranges of galleys should be chosen.

Chapter 3:	
Updated the flowchart to improve its alignment.

Chapter 4:
Added data from British National Corpus to section on word frequency.
Added some examples showing the evolution of the various compression schemes for a simple document.


Chapters 5/6 (now just Chapter 5):
Merged chapters 5 and 6, and added the results of a new user study.
Moved the sample layouts from the analysis chapter into an appendix.
Expanded the section on 'Measures of Aesthetic Quality'.


Appendices:
	Deleted Appendix A (document generator implementation)
	Removed some bits of Appendix B (only the document layout data remains)








